QUIZ 6  Question 7
Write a query to do the following.
Using at least 1 full outer join, list all actors and all movies (all columns)
Where actors have been cast in a movie join the actor and movie on the same line of the result set.
Where an actor hasn't been cast, or a movie hasn't had any castings make sure to list these with null values filling the columns for which there is no data.
Once written, execute your query.
Add a screenshot of both your query and your result sets below.

QUIZ 6  Question 8
Part 1:
Write a query that lists the actorno of all male actors who have had 1 and only 1 casting
( i.e. a list of the actorno of all 'one hit wonder' actors) 
Part 2:
Write a query that uses your query from part 1 as a sub query.
The query must list all the columns for every movies in which a male 'one hit wonder' actor acted
This query must use the IN operator.
Once written, execute your (part 2) query.
Add a screenshot of both your query and your result sets below.

QUIZ 6 Question 9
Write a query to do the following:
For all PG movies with a runtime less than 120 minutes provide a listing of:
- the movie title
-  a calculated column which is a product  (multiplication) of the TMDB_SCORE X TMDB_VOTES
Once written, execute your query.
Add a screenshot of both your query and your result sets below.

QUIZ 6 Question 10
Write a query to do the following:
For each BIRTHDATE in the actor table list the  following columns ( use the built in DATENAME and DATEPART functions )
BIRTHDATE (the datevalue as it appears in the ACTOR table)
DayOfWeek (e.g. Monday)
DayOfMonth (e.g. 25)
MonthName (e.g. March)
MonthNum (e.g. 3)
Year (e.g. 2022)
Your result set should have column headers like this, and the result set should be formatted as shown in the screen shot below but rows shown below will vary.
Screen Shot 2022-06-28 at 1.11.22 pm-1.png
Once written, execute your query.

QUIZ 6 Question 11
Provide a brief definition and an example (from the database used in this assessment) of the following terms:
Table
Column
Row

QUIZ 6 Question 12
Briefly explain the difference between a Database and a DBMS.

QUIZ 6 Question 13
Provide a brief definition, and an example (from the database used in this assessment) of the following terms:
Primary Key (PK):
Foreign Key (FK):
Constraint:

QUIZ 6 Question 14
Provide a brief definition of the following terms, including the Command Keywords used in each (e.g. SELECT is part of DML)
Data Definition Language (DDL) 
Data Manipulation Language (DML)
